Enabling comparison of multiple jacobians (#552)
fitbenchmarking/fitbenchmarking: docs/source/extending/controllers.rst

        - 'all' - all minimizers
        - 'ls' - least-squares fitting algorithms
        - 'deriv_free' - derivative free algorithms (these are algorithms that

>           do not require an information about derivatives. For example, the
>           'Simplex' method in 'Mantid' does not require derivative information
>           but 'lm-scipy-no-jac'in 'scipy_ls' does but the derivative is handle
>           internally within the sofware package)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          cannot use derivative information. For example, the
          'Simplex' method in 'Mantid' does not require Jacobians.
          However, 'lm-scipy-no-jac' in 'scipy_ls' is designed to use derivatives, 
          but calculates an approximation internally if one is not supplied.)
```

        - 'general' - minimizers which solve a generic `min f(x)`
      and the values as a list of minimizer for that specific controller that fit into each of the above categories. See for example the ``GSL`` controller.
   -  ``jacobian_information()``: Setups up Jacobian information for the
      controller. This should return the following arguments:

      - ``has_jacobian``: a True or False value whether the controller
<<<<<<< HEAD
        requires Jacobian information
      - ``jacobian_free_solvers``: a list of minimizers in a specific software
=======
        can use Jacobian information
      - ``jacobian_list``: a list of minimizers in a specific software

> >>>>>>> 1221ec24efec68e1faf69c2e282f25155916176b

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        requires Jacobian information
      - ``jacobian_free_solvers``: a list of minimizers in a specific software
```

                         'scipy_ls' does but the derivative is handle internally

>                          within the sofware package)

Author: Done

        - 'general' - minimizers which solve a generic `min f(x)`
      and the values as a list of minimizer for that specific controller that fit into each of the above categories. See for example the ``GSL`` controller.

>    -  ``jacobian_information()``: Setups up Jacobian information for the

Author: corrected

      controller. This should return the following arguments:

      - ``has_jacobian``: a True or False value whether the controller
        requires Jacobian information
      - ``jacobian_list``: a list of minimizers in a specific software
        that do not require Jacobian informations. For example in the

>         ``ScipyLS`` controller this would return ``lm-scipy-no-jac``

Author: corrected
